Add new blog post about the CORE SIG (#211)
kyma-project/website: src/blog-posts/15-blog-post-core-sig.md

---
path: "/blog/core-sig"
date: "2019-02-20"

> author: "Lukasz Gornicki, Product Owner @Kyma"

Reviewer: come one Ana, don't be shy, I'm not an author of this post and do not want to put my name on your great work

**Who are the CORE SIG leaders?**

The CORE SIG leaders are Piotr Kopczynski [(@PK85](https://github.com/PK85)), Mateusz Szostok [(@mszostok](https://github.com/mszostok)), Ahmed Abdalla ([@Abd4llA](https://github.com/Abd4llA)) and Lukasz Gornicki ([@derberg](https://github.com/derberg)).

**What is the purpose of the CORE SIG?**

The purpose of the CORE SIG is to:

- Publicly represent Kyma
- Facilitate the collaboration with external contributors
- Communicate the Kyma project vision and roadmap to the community
- Represent the Kyma contributors
- Be the main contribution contact for Kyma
- Gauge interest, request the community feedback, and ensures it is addressed
- Own all code repositories in the Kyma organization except for the community repository
- Showcase proposals to the community and collects the feedback to those proposals to assist the decision-making process
- Represent its members and the Kyma community in the Council meetings

> **I am interested! How can I join the CORE SIG?**

Reviewer: please also give link to slack and info about #sig-core channel

---

> path: "/blog/core-sig

Reviewer 2: You forgot about closing the string 😈

date: "2019-02-20"
author: "Ana Yankovich, Knowledge Consultant @Kyma"
tags:
  - kyma, community, sig, core

> title: "The CORE Special Interest Group"

Reviewer: I'm not sure you can now capitalize `CORE` here in the post everywhere, it should be `Core`, but let's see what TWs will say during review

---

> Behind the Kyma open source project there is a Kyma community who collaborates through Special Interest Groups (SIGs) and Working Groups (WGs), just like Kubernetes. In these groups, you can meet community leaders and members, exchange information on Kyma, provide feedback, raise interest, ask questions, and learn about Kyma news and updates. Additionally, both SIGs and WGs facilitate technical discussions, proposals, and contributions, and ensure Kyma is a welcoming community for all contributors. The WGs facilitate discussions and work on short-lived, concrete topics that either result from the work of SIG groups or which the community members initiate directly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As you know, a vibrant community of individuals stands behind the Kyma open-source project. They collaborate through Special Interest Groups (SIGs) and Working Groups (WGs), just like it is done in Kubernetes. Additionally, both SIGs and WGs facilitate technical discussions, proposals, and contributions. They also ensure Kyma is a welcoming community for all contributors. The WGs facilitate discussions and work on short-lived, specific topics that either result from the work of SIG groups or that the community members initiate directly.
```

**Is there a SIG I can join?**

> Yes, there is one main SIG called CORE as the entry point. The CORE SIG consists of SIG leaders and members. To learn more about the leaders and members role, click [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/sig-and-wg/README.md#roles).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Yes, there is one main SIG called **Core** that is the entry point. The Core SIG consists of SIG leaders and members. To learn more about their roles, click [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/sig-and-wg/README.md#roles).
```

> **Who are the CORE SIG leaders?**

Reviewer: Please use twitter handles, that will ease communication and accessibility
https://twitter.com/PiotrasPk
https://twitter.com/derberq
https://twitter.com/Abd4llA
Mateusz is in progress of creating one, you can ping him to build preasure

Reviewer: https://twitter.com/m_szostok

> **Who are the CORE SIG leaders?**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Who are the Core SIG leaders?**
```

> The CORE SIG leaders are Piotr Kopczynski [(@PK85](https://twitter.com/PiotrasPk)), Mateusz Szostok [(@mszostok](https://twitter.com/m_szostok)), Ahmed Abdalla ([@Abd4llA](https://twitter.com/Abd4llA)) and Lukasz Gornicki ([@derberg](https://twitter.com/derberq)).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The CORE SIG leaders are Piotr Kopczynski ([@PK85](https://twitter.com/PiotrasPk)), Mateusz Szostok [(@mszostok](https://twitter.com/m_szostok)), Ahmed Abdalla ([@Abd4llA](https://twitter.com/Abd4llA)) and Lukasz Gornicki ([@derberg](https://twitter.com/derberq)).
```

> The CORE SIG leaders are Piotr Kopczynski ([@PK85](https://twitter.com/PiotrasPk)), Mateusz Szostok [(@mszostok](https://twitter.com/m_szostok)), Ahmed Abdalla ([@Abd4llA](https://twitter.com/Abd4llA)) and Lukasz Gornicki ([@derberg](https://twitter.com/derberq)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Core SIG leaders are Piotr Kopczynski ([@PK85](https://twitter.com/PiotrasPk)), Mateusz Szostok [(@mszostok](https://twitter.com/m_szostok)), Ahmed Abdalla ([@Abd4llA](https://twitter.com/Abd4llA)), and Lukasz Gornicki ([@derberg](https://twitter.com/derberq)).
```

> **What is the purpose of the CORE SIG?**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**What is the purpose of the Core SIG?**
```

> The purpose of the CORE SIG is to:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The purpose of the Core SIG is to:
```

> - Publicly represent Kyma

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Publicly represent Kyma.
```

> - Facilitate the collaboration with external contributors

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Facilitate collaboration with external contributors.
```

> - Communicate the Kyma project vision and roadmap to the community

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Communicate the Kyma project vision and roadmap to the community.
```

> - Represent the Kyma contributors

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Represent the Kyma contributors.
```

> - Be the main contribution contact for Kyma

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Be the main contribution contact for Kyma.
```

> - Gauge interest, request the community feedback, and ensures it is addressed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Gauge interest, request the community feedback, and ensure it is addressed.
```

> - Own all code repositories in the Kyma organization except for the community repository

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Own all code repositories in the Kyma organization except for the `community` repository.
```

> - Showcase proposals to the community and collects the feedback to those proposals to assist the decision-making process

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Showcase proposals to the community and collect feedback on those proposals to assist the decision-making process.
```

> - Represent its members and the Kyma community in the Council meetings

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Represent its members and the Kyma community in the Council meetings.
```

> **I am interested! How can I join the CORE SIG?**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**I am interested! How can I join the Core SIG?**
```

> You can join the CORE SIG biweekly meeting that takes place on Wednesdays at 15:00 CET on [Zoom](https://zoom.us/j/4794339038). You can also read the meeting agenda and notes [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vWleTon7sJIk0teee4SoVezS4mR3K8TlkvXkgLJwRD8). You can also watch the past SIG CORE meetings on the [Kyma YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DD5aCBnywQ&amp;list=PL7PGl--iaIH9jnbT8yG_KOV3unv1iUILR).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can join the Core SIG biweekly meetings that take place on Wednesdays at 15:00 CET on [Zoom](https://zoom.us/j/4794339038). If you can't join them, read the meeting agenda and notes [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vWleTon7sJIk0teee4SoVezS4mR3K8TlkvXkgLJwRD8), or watch the meeting recordings on the [Kyma YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DD5aCBnywQ&amp;list=PL7PGl--iaIH9jnbT8yG_KOV3unv1iUILR).
```

We're on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/kyma-community/shared_invite/enQtNDAwNzE4Mjk2NDE3LTJhOTlmZjM5YzkwNmEzNmY3ZjE2MTU2OTMxOGE4ZDM0MmU4ZWRkZGJiODgzNmRmMTYxMDYwNjZiMDAwMTA2OWM) too!

> Join the [#sig-core Slack channel](https://kyma-community.slack.com/messages/CBP7LKRPS/) to ask questions, keep up to date with the latest SIG CORE news or simply to meet CORE SIG leaders and members. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Join the [#sig-core Slack channel](https://kyma-community.slack.com/messages/CBP7LKRPS/) to ask questions, keep up to date with the latest Core SIG news, or simply to meet the Core SIG leaders and members. 
```

> We're happy to have you at the CORE SIG!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We'd be happy to have you at the Core SIG!
```
